<script type="text/javascript" src="https://platform-api.sharethis.com/js/sharethis.js#property=67540d39231a330012e9230e&product=sticky-share-buttons&source=platform" async="async"></script>

<H2>WHAT IS ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI) IN TECHNOLOGY?</H2>

<iframe data-aa='2396715' src='//ad.a-ads.com/2396715?size=728x90' style='width:728px; height:90px; border:0px; padding:0; overflow:hidden; background-color: transparent;'></iframe>
<h3><u>Definition</u></h3>
<b>Artificial intelligence</b> is an artificial operating system that exhibits higher cognitive functions or autonomous behaviors typical of human intelligence, according to an idealized perspective. This system should have the ability to perceive, learn, connect multiple concepts, think, reason (state), solve problems, communicate, and make decisions. In addition, this artificial intelligence system should be able to produce reactions from its thoughts <b>(agent artificial intelligence)</b> and physically express these reactions.

<b>Artificial intelligence (AI)</b> Various subfields of AI research are centered around particular goals and the use of particular tools. The traditional goals of AI research include learning, reasoning, knowledge representation, planning, natural language processing, perception, and support for robotics. To reach these goals, AI researchers have adapted and integrated a wide range of techniques, including search and mathematical optimization, formal logic, artificial neural networks, and methods based on statistics, operations research, and economics. AI also draws upon psychology, linguistics, philosophy, neuroscience, and other fields. Some companies, such as <b>OpenAI, Google DeepMind and Meta,</b> aim to create artificial general intelligence (AG) AI that can complete virtually any cognitive task at least as well as humans.

<b>Artificial intelligence</b> was founded as an academic discipline in <b>1956,</b> and the field went through multiple cycles of optimism throughout its history, followed by periods of disappointment and loss of funding, known as AI winters.  Funding and interest vastly increased after <b>2012</b> when graphics processing units started being used to accelerate neural networks, and deep learning outperformed previous <b>AI</b> techniques. This growth accelerated further after <b>2017</b> with the transformer architecture. In the 2020s, the period of rapid progress marked by advanced generative <b>AI</b> became known as the AI boom. Generative AI and its ability to create and modify content exposed several unintended consequences and harms in the present and raised ethical concerns about <b>AI's</b> long-term effects and potential existential risks, prompting discussions about regulatory policies to ensure the safety and benefits of the technology. <u><i>compiled by opraks</i></u>

<u><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence" target="_blank">Wikipedia/ Artificial Intelligence</a></u>

<H2>Inside Blockchain Technology (Ai)</H2>
It appears as <b>NFT</b> (“Non Fungible Token”) in <b>Ai Blockchain...</b>
An <b>NFT</b> is a data file that is stored on a digital ledger called the <b>Blockchain</b> and can be traded. An <b>NFT</b> can be associated with a specific asset <b><u>(digital or physical)</u></b>, such as an image, a piece of art, music, or a sports event record.

In 2021, interest in NFTs has increased. Blockchains like Ethereum, Flow, and Tezos have their own standards for supporting NFTs, but each works to ensure that the digital asset represented is unique in its own way. NFTs are now being used to commodify digital assets in art, music, sports, and other popular entertainment. Most NFTs are part of the Ethereum blockchain, but other blockchains may implement their own versions of NFTs.

NFT market value has tripled in 2020, to over $250 million. The rise of NFT transactions has led to increased environmental criticism. The computationally intensive processes associated with proof-of-work blockchains, the type primarily used for NFTs, require high energy inputs that contribute to global warming. The carbon emissions generated by the energy required to maintain these blockchains have forced some in the NFT market to rethink their carbon footprint.

<h3><u>Usage</u></h3>
Example of digital art used as an NFT
NFTs of artwork are similar to signed items.The unique identity and ownership of an NFT can be verified through a blockchain ledger. NFTs have metadata processed through a cryptographic hash function.

<h3><u>Market Value</u></h3>
The NFT market has seen rapid growth recently, with its value tripling to $250 million in 2020. More than $200 million was spent on NFTs in the first three months of 2021 alone. The economic momentum of NFTs in the crypto market has exploded due to a trend toward digital collectibles. NFTs are also accelerating a larger trend of digital economic innovation as the public increasingly embraces the crypto economy.
